Procedurally Generated Homer by Anja Beth

*************** Stanza1*************** 
The wary Trojan, bending from the dignity of the Grecians. Patroclus,
on the plain: So was her cheek, and sorrow m her eye. Nor yet the
simplest and most affecting passage in the Odyssey, proves that the
Homeric question is involved. To be content to look at it as a rock,
was by his friend, but commands him not to be suddenly cut off the
field. Or can ye, all, another chief survey, And rend the trembling,
unresisting prey: Thus on retreating Greece the woes we caused bewail,
And sad posterity repeat the whole compass of nature, to supply his
maxims and reflections; all the heavenly factions end.




*************** Stanza2*************** 
First, dire Chimaera's conquest was enjoin'd; A mingled monster of no
goddess born; Him, awful majesty exalts above The buckler's margin, at
the smart, Weak was his voice; which in modern days No two of earth's
degenerate sons could raise. In the latter incites Diomed to go to the
poles. What tears shall down thy silvery beard be roll'd, O Peleus,
old in arms, and chariots pass'd, The gates unfolding pour forth all
their train; Squadrons on squadrons drives, and fills out the diction,
which rises from the field the panting heart: Wide in his stead. The
dead we mourn, and mourn myself in thee, The wretched source of all
the Grecian wall, And fear'd the Greeks, and eager all for combat in
yon camp your powers have doom'd my fall, Content--By the same kind.
But can Achilles be absent from the ships, and pour upon the sands;
The sportive wanton, pleased with them it was not, as well as a motto.




*************** Stanza3*************** 
Not to the bone. High in the skies. Her, sly Cellenius loved: on her
ample breast; Deck'd in sad triumph for the living fear; Greece on her
breast. One fate the strongest swain Could heave the dead. With smiles
she took the chariot through the trembling ground, In clanging arms he
dress'd.




*************** Stanza4*************** 
This said, he rushes to the mass scatters as the living, was a
frequent rite at funerals. Meantime the heralds, through the Iliad,
and are supplied with a larger stride. What to these shores the
assembled nations draws, But thine, ungrateful, and thy own: Generous
alike, for me, remains in force, And all the troop surrounds Of
shouting hunters, and of Lachmann's modifications with the remainder
of the land, Who plough'd, with fates averse, the sovereign of the
main, Pursued the pleasures of the ancient aggregate character of the
war bleed, and let him pass, and win a little more than mortal strong.
Thus they in heaven: while, o'er the wondering warriors bear; The
first of Troy. Tydides broke The shatter'd chariot from the dignity of
the gods of war, without that stay, Can last a hero through a false
delicacy and refinement, oftener from an ignorance of the poem, such
as vases, or the frieze of a purely editorial character; and there was
not till the troops thou dar'st appear, And scarce insure the wretched
sire!




*************** Stanza5*************** 
This is one thing to be guided by the foot of Ida. On the hard soil
his groaning breast he plunged to hell; His arms resounded as the
voice he raised, And thrice they fled, confounded and amazed. Then
with majestic grace they quit the siege, and that without writing,
neither the perfect symmetry of the independence of the Grecian train.
The mighty fine imposed on length of time, contrives to make a few
short days the feast lasts, and while the first battle after the death
in his breast above the rest, two towering chiefs appear, There bold
Automedon, to disengage The starting coursers, and to the strand Great
Jove refused, and insolently dismissed by Agamemnon, entreats for
vengeance call, Shakes his huge spear, and nods his plumy crest: In
throngs around his apprehensive eyes. Eudorus next; whom Polymele the
gay, Famed in the thirteenth, can only reduce beauties of nature to
more regularity, and such is fate, nor canst thou turn its course
unerring held, Unerring, but the finest ear in the thirteenth book of
the day.




